h1. CBA - Community Base Application

is "Rails3-Mongoid-Devise by fortuity":http://github.com/fortuity/rails3-mongoid-devise extended by Andi Altendorfer with

* OmniAuth
* Paperclip
* CanCan

h2. Installation

At the moment installation is a matter of change. The documentation will follow as soon as the installation process will be worked out cleanly. 

Thou there is one thing you should know: You have to set role 'admin' to your first user!
Afer signing up your first user open your console and do this with

  rails console
  u=User.first
  u.roles=['admin']
  u.save

h2. Delayed Jobs

There is a rake-task to start the background jobs

<code>rake delayed_jobs:work</code>

Unfortunatley "DelayedJobs by 'tobi'":http://github.com/tobi/delayed_job doesn't work with MongoId.
So I did this my own way. To define new background-workers follow this steps:

# Define a worker in <code>app/workers</code> (See new_sign_up_notifier.rb for example)
# Enqueue new Jobs like shown in <code>app/model/user.rb</code>, method <code>async_notify_on_creation</code>

h2. Resource 'Page'

Since nearly any website needs some kind of 'semi-static pages' and we need some kind of object to test the application, there is a resource Page with the following features

# Consists of a title and a body
# The body is rendered with _RedCloth_
# The MongoId of <code>/page/MONGO_ID</code> in the browser-address will be replaced by <code>/p/title_of_the_page</code> with JS.

h2. License

h3. Public Domain Dedication

→ The MIT License

Copyright © 2011 Andreas Altendorfer, World Wide Education

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
